introducing the total blender brought to
you by blended allcom the total blender
is not a regular blender with the total
blender you can make whole fruit juices
vegetable juices and green smoothies in
just 50 seconds or less cook on steamy
soups with just the friction of the
blade in 90 seconds
freeze and make cold ice cream in just
45 seconds bill we corn rise even grind
coffee and spices without having to
purchase any extra jar blade folks use
your total blender to make the syrups
pancakes fondues sauces gives dressings
all sorts of batters even use it to make
bread dough in five minutes freshly made
nut butters without the preservatives of
the oil that you use to bind control the
chopped vegetables into a thick and
chunky salsa ready to serve in seconds
juicer squeeze out water and sugar while
throwing away two nutrient-rich seeds
wasting 75% of your fruit or money total
blender micronized is whole fruits and
vegetables give your body the great
absorption rate of not only the Jews but
all the vitamins minerals antioxidants
and phytonutrients and other machines
leave behind plus its self-cleaning and
dishwasher safe too
the total blender has 6 pre-programmed
cycles of manual control in a Polsky 300
different recipes come in the recipe
book with machine each recipe even tells
you a button to push so it's as easy as
putting the ingredients and hitting the
key the machine just changes speeds
automatically as it needs to and then
shuts off when it's done it's that
simple there's no more plunging shaking
or playing piano on the keys
just let the total blender take care of
it for you it really is the most
user-friendly appliance you'll own in
your kitchen in order to replace the
total blender you'll need to buy grain
mill a juicer food processor coffee
grinder margarita maker ice cream maker
smoothie maker not to mention a blender
and much more cost you over $1000 in
valuable space in the kitchen other
blenders only have hard plastic and
rubber couplings that are designed to
break under stress like shear pins the
total blender stainless steel blades and
driveshaft never break or need
sharpening and they come with a lifetime
warranty don't settle for cheap
imitations made overseas you'll be
replacing in 6 months trust your
investment only to the best the total
blender is made right here in the US and
with this 3 P horsepower 13m 1500 watt
motor patented square jar smart touch
technology keypad and radical 2 blade
design the total blender is the perfect
blend of power and technology that the
number one coffee shop smoothie shops
bars and restaurants in over 66
different countries have been using for
decades with its reputation of
durability and reliability you can be
sure that your commercial grade total
blender will last not only your lifetime
but for generations to come
lynda.com is on a mission with the total
blender to empower you with the ability
to live healthier improve your vitality
lose weight and live longer all while
doing our small part in improving the
economy by offering a quality product
made on a mare
and soil thanks for visiting our site
check out the demonstration videos at
the top of the page and get your total
blender today